Get omics logs fix (#59)
Ultimagen/ugbio-utils: src/omics/README.omics.md

2. **Compare Omics Runs** - Process cost and performance and compare multiple Omics runs. Omics cost information is collected using [Omics Run Analyzer](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-omics-tools?tab=readme-ov-file#omics-run-analyzer).

   Run `uv run compare_omics_runs --help` for more details.

> 3. **Get Run Logs** - Download logs of an Omics run. For FAILED run by default you'll get the logs of all failed tasks or the run's engine log if there's no failed tasks. For successful runs By default you'll get all tasks' logs. You can use --task-id to get the log for specific task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Get Run Logs** - Download logs of an Omics run. For FAILED run by default, you'll get the logs of all failed tasks or the run's engine log if there are no failed tasks. For successful runs by default, you'll get all tasks' logs. You can use --task-id to get the log for a specific task.
```
